Add python section to sign-into-web-app guide. OKTA-354778 (#1897)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/redirect-to-sign-in/python/login-redirect.md

You can give the user a **Sign In** button or link to direct the user to your login route:

```html
<a href="/login">Sign In</a>
```

> Your login handler will generate the link and redirect the user to Okta:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your login handler generates the link and redirects the user to Okta:
```
